[Music]
20 crazy things from the past that would
get you in trouble today the US Patent
Office has seen a lot of wacky ideas
through its history but what's even more
hysterical is that a lot of these crazy
ideas were actually granted patents
let's take a look at some of the wildest
of them from a hat with a parachute to a
douche four breasts no really
they'll all have your jaw hitting the
floor flying machine it's hard to tell
if perhaps he was inspired by ABBA's
have been four nos who fashioned himself
some wings back in the 9th century or
maybe it came to him in a dream but
there was definitely something that made
Rubens Spalding want to spread his
man-made wings and fly like an eagle in
1889 he patented his flying machine that
consisted of a balloon and bird-like
wings according to the original Birdman
himself
the idea was to create a simple and
rather inexpensive apparatus to let
people travel through the air well I
definitely wouldn't mind getting my
hands on that device to fly over traffic
every day on my commute to work yeah
diving apparatus alright before you ask
any questions no it's not a 10-man
halloween costume and it's not a
Cyberman from Doctor Who either this is
actually a model of a metal diving suit
designed back in 1881 by Steven M Tasker
and why would anyone want to put on a
heavy suit of armor when they're diving
into the depths of the ocean well the
idea was to keep the underwater pressure
from crushing the diver there was also a
central tube for air to flow in and out
of and a rope harness to move the diver
up and down
imagine going diving these days and
instead of seeing a beautiful array of
what her life he run into this dude
[Music]
racing monkey harness a little monkey
jockey racing on the back of a greyhound
is not a scene from some Narnia movie
this actually happened in the 1930s boy
this list just got really bizarre monkey
jockeys hey it's even weird to say
trained by Loretta and Charles David
raced for peanuts the Davis traveled all
over the country with their little show
and it was a pretty big hit it even
spread to Australia in Mexico in 1933
Rennie Renfro revolutionized the game by
designing a special harness and support
system for the monkeys to be able to
race comfortably and safely like real
pros okay I'm gonna need a ticket to a
monkey race like ASAP I just have to see
this in real life improved fire escape
now you look at most buildings and see
the zig zag of the fire escapes and
really think nothing of it but you've
probably never thought about life before
their appearance people in the past were
scratching their heads trying to come up
with innovative ways to help people
escape from burning buildings one such
innovation came in 1879 with Benjamin
Oppenheimer's parachute hat yeah it
consisted of a headpiece with a wax
cloth parachute around four to five feet
in diameter that would simply allow a
person to jump out of a burning building
to top off this fashionable look was
what can only be described as poufy
clown shoes that were supposed to
guarantee a safe landing Wow
I just can't help wondering if this was
the improved version what the heck came
before it
life indicator coffee well we all have
our secret phobias some people can't
take off in an airplane without having a
panic attack others cry at the sight of
a spider apparently John Kurt bomb was
terrified at the thought of being
accidentally buried alive or at least he
wanted to save other people who found
themselves in this grave situation
anyway because in 1882 he designed and
patented a coffin with a life indicator
the person buried by mistake could
rotate some handles to move a dial above
the ground so that everyone would know
they were still alive
oops it would also let an air flow hey
it's good to know you'll always have a
chance even if you're buried alive right
right eye protectors for chickens
chicken glasses chicken specs chicken
goggles whatever you want to call them
it won't make them any less awesome in
1903 Andrew Jackson jr. designed these
spectacles yeah Peck tickles to be made
out of celluloid or aluminum in order to
prevent chickens eyes from being pecked
out by more aggressive hands Wow
how thoughtful of him to be concerned
about these poor chickens visions maybe
a better name would be henpecked
spectacles you SPECT rocking bathtub
back in the Victorian era people used to
believe that hydrotherapy could cure
just about anything so Otto Hensel
decided to go one step further by
designing the rocking bath in 1900 it
would splash the healing water all over
the bay there kind of like the waves of
the sea to prevent the water from
spilling over the side of the tub the
device was equipped with a neck tray I
don't know about this one gives me
creepy half man half bathtub lives to be
honest
saluting device the same probably can't
be said about people today but the
bright minds at the turn of the century
cared a lot about manners
James C Boyle even patented a saluting
device back in 1896 that allowed a
gentleman to raise his hat without using
his hands while bowing a good day sir
don't mind my magical self-rising hat
sir good jolly Jolly baseball catcher
you would think it was some sort of
torture device or spine straightening
tool but it's actually not meet the
baseball catching device brought to you
by James E Bennett in 1904 the wire cage
was supposed to replace the catcher's
mitt so the pitch ball would land right
in the cage and then pass through a
chute to be shot back into the game this
is a great idea playing baseball with
all the catching and throwing just
standing there chilling in your bird
cage sign me up
[Music]
animal trap rat trap maker John Williams
must have really hated these rodents
otherwise what would make him patent an
animal trap containing a loaded gun it
was supposed to shoot when the animal
took the bait and triggered the lever it
would also sound an alarm so that the
owner could reset it like the sound of
the gun is not enough this trap would
clearly fail to win popularity today so
cruel you can't shoot an unarmed rat
well we're halfway through the list have
any of these old inventions blown your
mind yet let us know in the comments
below
moving on
[Music]
initiation device now why would someone
in the right mind need a goat riding
device because there is nothing okay
almost nothing you wouldn't do to pass
your fraternity initiation
so in 1909 Ulysses de Mol and goat model
to ride and it was a pretty rambunctious
one for its time jerking and moving
unpredictably so you can keep your fancy
mechanical bulls we'll take this goat
riding thing any day surgical appliance
Jonas a hyzer was obviously worried
about male patients in mental asylums
you see masturbation was considered a
cause for insanity at the turn of the
century so to prevent this the act hyzer
designed this abstinence belt in 1911
according to the creator
it could be warned with reasonable
comfort now I don't know what world you
were living in mr. Heiser but how can
this be anything close to comfortable
[Music]
grasping fork oh I thought that was the
last one that never mind do you ever
have trouble trying to get hold of those
slippery pickles well then you should
probably check back with mr. Heiser yeah
anyways I feel your pain and so did
Roswell Turner back in 1882 he designed
a device with a spring mechanism that
set the fork in action all just to make
it easier to satisfy your pickle
cravings I can't believe this one didn't
catch on
ladder gripping attachment for shoes
according to the inventor Edmund Dennis
the latter gripping attachment was
designed for aerial athletes
specifically those doing theatrical
stunts this is because the circus was a
big thing back in 1913 and this
attachment was supposed to make
performers lives easier and safer
I bet Cirque de Soleil would be all over
this one hey they could market it as
Cirque de Soleil souls Woodie a thing
[Music]
creeping baby doll
now it's creeping although creepy
probably describes it better it's a
quote very amusing toy produced at a
small cost end quote
in the words of the 1871 inventions
creator Robert J clay what looks like
the terminators baby was actually a
clockwork doll that moved like a
crawling child on wheels anyone else
thinking of Sid from Toy Story kid one
wheeled device in 1885 John Otto Lou's
patented a unicycle for real gentlemen
hmm the writer was sit inside the large
wheel equipped with an umbrella to keep
him dry in the rain he could even ride
and smoke at the same time wait a minute
that's multitasking you can get a ticket
for that Jack O'Lantern helmet there a
blast a carb for Halloween they're so
cool when you put the burning candle
inside them so why not just put all of
this on our head well that seemed to be
John to ket's reasoning when he decided
to patent his jack-o'-lantern helmet
back in 1903 the candle would be fixed
inside a paper helmet and lit for
parades masquerade balls and carnivals
man that's a high stupid tax right there
now this burning obviously caused many
concerns among health and safety
administrators at least they were in
their right minds smoke excluding masks
are you tired of dealing with secondhand
smoke well just put on this Darth Vader
looking mask and you're good to go it
was actually designed to help people
safely escape burning buildings and for
firefighters to safely enter them if
need be but you know throw it on the
next time you're in a room full of
smokers yeah why not
[Music]
Cork swimming suit
avant-garde 1882 swimming fashion or was
it more about safety you decide okay
actually it was about safety this
swimming suit made of mesh with small
pieces of cork all over was invented to
allow swimmers to float in the water it
was also meant to give them full freedom
of motion
never mind the swimmer became attracted
to wine bottles for some reason if you
ever happen to see someone wearing this
masterpiece don't ask about the designer
Pascal Plant is the name don't forget it
breasts douche apparatus really
apparently frenchman alexis mantle a
liked his ladies to have squeaky-clean
Tatas since he invented this breast
douche apparatus in 1910 it was pretty
simple consisting of a breast cupping
contraption with a hose that could
attach to a faucet for easy bosom
cleaning mandalay promised the users to
get desired results without shock or
undue chill I just don't understand
pants
what about hands did he not know that
women have hands which can easily reach
their own breasts what a boob so which
of these inventions do you think is the
craziest share your impressions in the
comments below if you enjoyed this video
show it by giving us a like
if this video gets 50,000 likes we'll
make another one on the same topic
subscribe to our channel not to miss any
updates and join us on the bright side
of life died of life
[Music]